Implement `isInjected` read-only request property to indicate request… (#4117)
hapijs/hapi: API.md

Note that the `request.info` object is not meant to be modified.

#### <a name="request.isInjected" /> `request.isInjected`

> Access: read only.

Reviewer: Is this actually enforced at all? If not, we could use a getter like some other properties in `Request`.

Author: Will implement in next change-set + unit test.

> When `true`, indicates request was created via [`server.inject`](#server.inject()). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true` if the request was created via [`server.inject`](#server.inject()), and `false` otherwise.
```

> `true` if the request was created via [`server.inject`](#server.inject()), and `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: Sorry, I should have noticed this before. Based on the other uses of `server.inject()` in this file, I think this should be:

```suggestion
`true` if the request was created via [`server.inject()`](#server.inject()), and `false` otherwise.
```

> When `true`, indicates request was created via [`server.inject`](#server.inject()).  Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: Not really a "default"...

Author: Removed `Defaults to false` statement.
